com/atakmap/android/plugintemplate/pl/orientation/Quaternion.java
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.pl.orientation.Quaternion
com/atakmap/android/plugintemplate/pl/db/DB.java
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.pl.db.DB
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.pl.db.DB$DBException
com/atakmap/android/plugintemplate/pl/connection/encryption/AESEncryptor.java
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.pl.connection.encryption.AESEncryptor
com/atakmap/android/plugintemplate/pl/GeoObject.java
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.pl.GeoObject
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.pl.GeoObject$SideOfConflict
com/atakmap/android/plugintemplate/pl/Filter.java
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.pl.Filter
com/atakmap/android/plugintemplate/pl/AROverlayManager.java
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.pl.AROverlayManager
com/atakmap/android/plugintemplate/plugin/PluginTemplateTool.java
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.plugin.PluginTemplateTool
com/atakmap/android/plugintemplate/pl/connection/models/LocationMessage.java
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.pl.connection.models.LocationMessage
com/atakmap/android/plugintemplate/pl/connection/models/Localization.java
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.pl.connection.models.Localization
com/atakmap/android/plugintemplate/pl/orientation/Matrix4.java
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.pl.orientation.Matrix4
com/atakmap/android/plugintemplate/pl/services/SameService.java
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.pl.services.SameService
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.pl.services.SameService$1
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.pl.services.SameService$2
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.pl.services.SameService$3
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.pl.services.SameService$4
com/atakmap/android/plugintemplate/pl/orientation/MathUtils.java
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.pl.orientation.MathUtils
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.pl.orientation.MathUtils$Atan2
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.pl.orientation.MathUtils$Cos
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.pl.orientation.MathUtils$Sin
com/atakmap/android/plugintemplate/pl/dto/UserDTO.java
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.pl.dto.UserDTO
com/atakmap/android/plugintemplate/pl/location/LocationConnection.java
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.pl.location.LocationConnection
com/atakmap/android/plugintemplate/pl/db/DbHelper.java
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.pl.db.DbHelper
com/atakmap/android/plugintemplate/pl/dto/TemplateListElementDTO.java
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.pl.dto.TemplateListElementDTO
com/atakmap/android/plugintemplate/pl/MediatorApplication.java
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.pl.MediatorApplication
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.pl.MediatorApplication$1
com/atakmap/android/plugintemplate/pl/dto/Marshaller.java
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.pl.dto.Marshaller
com/atakmap/android/plugintemplate/pl/api/GetWeatherDataTask.java
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.pl.api.GetWeatherDataTask
com/atakmap/android/plugintemplate/YOLO/DetectorObject.java
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.YOLO.DetectorObject
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.YOLO.DetectorObject$DepthScalingOp
com/atakmap/android/plugintemplate/pl/interfaces/WeatherDataListener.java
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.pl.interfaces.WeatherDataListener
com/atakmap/android/plugintemplate/depthDetect/CalculateDistance.java
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.depthDetect.CalculateDistance
com/atakmap/android/plugintemplate/pl/connection/models/Location.java
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.pl.connection.models.Location
com/atakmap/android/plugintemplate/pl/connection/models/CivilianMessage.java
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.pl.connection.models.CivilianMessage
com/atakmap/android/plugintemplate/pl/Unit.java
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.pl.Unit
com/atakmap/android/plugintemplate/pl/api/WeatherApiClient.java
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.pl.api.WeatherApiClient
com/atakmap/android/plugintemplate/pl/signs/Symbol.java
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.pl.signs.Symbol
com/atakmap/android/plugintemplate/pl/connection/ConnectionListener.java
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.pl.connection.ConnectionListener
com/atakmap/android/plugintemplate/pl/services/SymbolCacheService.java
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.pl.services.SymbolCacheService
com/atakmap/android/plugintemplate/plugin/PluginNativeLoader.java
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.plugin.PluginNativeLoader
com/atakmap/android/plugintemplate/activities/MraiActivity.java
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.activities.MraiActivity
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.activities.MraiActivity$1
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.activities.MraiActivity$1$1
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.activities.MraiActivity$10
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.activities.MraiActivity$11
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.activities.MraiActivity$12
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.activities.MraiActivity$12$1
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.activities.MraiActivity$13
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.activities.MraiActivity$13$1
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.activities.MraiActivity$14
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.activities.MraiActivity$15
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.activities.MraiActivity$16
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.activities.MraiActivity$17
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.activities.MraiActivity$17$1
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.activities.MraiActivity$18
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.activities.MraiActivity$19
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.activities.MraiActivity$2
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.activities.MraiActivity$2$1
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.activities.MraiActivity$20
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.activities.MraiActivity$21
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.activities.MraiActivity$22
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.activities.MraiActivity$23
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.activities.MraiActivity$24
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.activities.MraiActivity$25
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.activities.MraiActivity$26
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.activities.MraiActivity$27
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.activities.MraiActivity$28
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.activities.MraiActivity$29
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.activities.MraiActivity$3
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.activities.MraiActivity$30
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.activities.MraiActivity$31
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.activities.MraiActivity$32
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.activities.MraiActivity$33
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.activities.MraiActivity$34
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.activities.MraiActivity$35
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.activities.MraiActivity$36
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.activities.MraiActivity$37
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.activities.MraiActivity$37$1
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.activities.MraiActivity$4
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.activities.MraiActivity$5
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.activities.MraiActivity$6
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.activities.MraiActivity$7
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.activities.MraiActivity$8
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.activities.MraiActivity$9
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.activities.MraiActivity$CameraDataListener
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.activities.MraiActivity$CameraDataReceiver
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.activities.MraiActivity$DeleteEventDataListener
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.activities.MraiActivity$DeleteEventDataReceiver
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.activities.MraiActivity$DetectionCallback
com/atakmap/android/plugintemplate/pl/ARMarker.java
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.pl.ARMarker
com/atakmap/android/plugintemplate/pl/ar/WMSTileSource.java
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.pl.ar.WMSTileSource
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.pl.ar.WMSTileSource$BoundingBox
com/atakmap/android/plugintemplate/pl/views/LineCompassView.java
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.pl.views.LineCompassView
com/atakmap/android/plugintemplate/pl/dto/GeoObjectDTO.java
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.pl.dto.GeoObjectDTO
com/atakmap/android/plugintemplate/pl/connection/models/WeatherMessage.java
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.pl.connection.models.WeatherMessage
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.pl.connection.models.WeatherMessage$Coordinates
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.pl.connection.models.WeatherMessage$Weather
com/atakmap/android/plugintemplate/pl/services/SymbolContainer.java
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.pl.services.SymbolContainer
com/atakmap/android/plugintemplate/pl/ar/GeoObjectsOverlay.java
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.pl.ar.GeoObjectsOverlay
com/atakmap/android/plugintemplate/plugin/BuildConfig.java
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.plugin.BuildConfig
com/atakmap/android/plugintemplate/pl/dto/SoapObjectMarshaller.java
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.pl.dto.SoapObjectMarshaller
com/atakmap/android/plugintemplate/pl/connection/Connection.java
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.pl.connection.Connection
com/atakmap/android/plugintemplate/pl/orientation/Vector2.java
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.pl.orientation.Vector2
com/atakmap/android/plugintemplate/pl/interfaces/IScenarioServiceConnector.java
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.pl.interfaces.IScenarioServiceConnector
com/atakmap/android/plugintemplate/pl/scenario/Scenario.java
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.pl.scenario.Scenario
com/atakmap/android/plugintemplate/depthDetect/MidasNet.java
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.depthDetect.MidasNet
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.depthDetect.MidasNet$DepthScalingOp
com/atakmap/android/plugintemplate/pl/orientation/NumberUtils.java
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.pl.orientation.NumberUtils
com/atakmap/android/plugintemplate/pl/dto/PointDTO.java
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.pl.dto.PointDTO
com/atakmap/android/plugintemplate/pl/connection/models/SmartCityMessage.java
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.pl.connection.models.SmartCityMessage
com/atakmap/android/plugintemplate/pl/orientation/Matrix3.java
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.pl.orientation.Matrix3
com/atakmap/android/plugintemplate/pl/connection/models/TrafficLocation.java
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.pl.connection.models.TrafficLocation
com/atakmap/android/plugintemplate/pl/orientation/Vector3.java
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.pl.orientation.Vector3
com/atakmap/android/plugintemplate/pl/connection/MqttBroker.java
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.pl.connection.MqttBroker
com/atakmap/android/plugintemplate/PluginTemplateDropDownReceiver.java
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.PluginTemplateDropDownReceiver
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.PluginTemplateDropDownReceiver$1
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.PluginTemplateDropDownReceiver$2
com/atakmap/android/plugintemplate/pl/connection/PositionMessage.java
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.pl.connection.PositionMessage
com/atakmap/android/plugintemplate/pl/interfaces/mrAIServiceListener.java
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.pl.interfaces.mrAIServiceListener
com/atakmap/android/plugintemplate/pl/connection/encryption/Decryptor.java
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.pl.connection.encryption.Decryptor
com/atakmap/android/plugintemplate/PluginTemplateMapComponent.java
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.PluginTemplateMapComponent
com/atakmap/android/plugintemplate/pl/views/AbstractMcopDynamicView.java
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.pl.views.AbstractMcopDynamicView
com/atakmap/android/plugintemplate/pl/detectedInf.java
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.pl.detectedInf
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.pl.detectedInf$1
com/atakmap/android/plugintemplate/pl/CalculationCords.java
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.pl.CalculationCords
com/atakmap/android/plugintemplate/pl/orientation/OrientationCalculator.java
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.pl.orientation.OrientationCalculator
com/atakmap/android/plugintemplate/pl/orientation/Util.java
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.pl.orientation.Util
com/atakmap/android/plugintemplate/pl/connection/models/TrafficMessage.java
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.pl.connection.models.TrafficMessage
com/atakmap/android/plugintemplate/YOLO/BoundingBox.java
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.YOLO.BoundingBox
com/atakmap/android/plugintemplate/pl/adapters/DetectObjectAdapter.java
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.pl.adapters.DetectObjectAdapter
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.pl.adapters.DetectObjectAdapter$OnItemClickListener
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.pl.adapters.DetectObjectAdapter$ViewHolder
com/atakmap/android/plugintemplate/activities/ElementsOnMap.java
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.activities.ElementsOnMap
com/atakmap/android/plugintemplate/pl/connection/encryption/Encryptor.java
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.pl.connection.encryption.Encryptor
com/atakmap/android/plugintemplate/pl/connection/MqttConnection.java
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.pl.connection.MqttConnection
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.pl.connection.MqttConnection$1
com/atakmap/android/plugintemplate/pl/ar/ARMinimap.java
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.pl.ar.ARMinimap
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.pl.ar.ARMinimap$1
com/atakmap/android/plugintemplate/pl/interfaces/SymbolCacheListener.java
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.pl.interfaces.SymbolCacheListener
com/atakmap/android/plugintemplate/pl/orientation/Vector4.java
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.pl.orientation.Vector4
com/atakmap/android/plugintemplate/plugin/PluginTemplateLifecycle.java
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.plugin.PluginTemplateLifecycle
com/atakmap/android/plugintemplate/pl/connection/encryption/AESDecryptor.java
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.pl.connection.encryption.AESDecryptor
com/atakmap/android/plugintemplate/pl/DetectObject.java
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.pl.DetectObject
com/atakmap/android/plugintemplate/pl/interfaces/IWebServiceListener.java
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.pl.interfaces.IWebServiceListener
com/atakmap/android/plugintemplate/pl/views/LCDTextView.java
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.pl.views.LCDTextView
com/atakmap/android/plugintemplate/pl/Util.java
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.pl.Util
com/atakmap/android/plugintemplate/pl/connection/PositionExchange.java
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.pl.connection.PositionExchange
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.pl.connection.PositionExchange$1
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.pl.connection.PositionExchange$2
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.pl.connection.PositionExchange$PositionReceiver
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.pl.connection.PositionExchange$PositionSupplier
com/atakmap/android/plugintemplate/YOLO/MetaData.java
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.YOLO.MetaData
