com/atakmap/android/plugintemplate/araaftorPlugin/orientation/OrientationCalculator.java
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.araaftorPlugin.orientation.OrientationCalculator
com/atakmap/android/plugintemplate/araaftorPlugin/Util.java
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.araaftorPlugin.Util
com/atakmap/android/plugintemplate/araaftorPlugin/orientation/Vector4.java
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.araaftorPlugin.orientation.Vector4
com/atakmap/android/plugintemplate/plugin/PluginTemplateTool.java
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.plugin.PluginTemplateTool
com/atakmap/android/plugintemplate/araaftorPlugin/interfaces/DialogResultListener.java
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.araaftorPlugin.interfaces.DialogResultListener
com/atakmap/android/plugintemplate/araaftorPlugin/orientation/NumberUtils.java
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.araaftorPlugin.orientation.NumberUtils
com/atakmap/android/plugintemplate/araaftorPlugin/araaftorMiniMap/WMSTileSource.java
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.araaftorPlugin.araaftorMiniMap.WMSTileSource
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.araaftorPlugin.araaftorMiniMap.WMSTileSource$BoundingBox
com/atakmap/android/plugintemplate/araaftorPlugin/DetectObject.java
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.araaftorPlugin.DetectObject
com/atakmap/android/plugintemplate/detection/DetectorObject.java
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.detection.DetectorObject
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.detection.DetectorObject$DepthScalingOp
com/atakmap/android/plugintemplate/plugin/PluginNativeLoader.java
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.plugin.PluginNativeLoader
com/atakmap/android/plugintemplate/araaftorPlugin/orientation/Matrix4.java
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.araaftorPlugin.orientation.Matrix4
com/atakmap/android/plugintemplate/araaftorPlugin/views/AbstractMcopDynamicView.java
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.araaftorPlugin.views.AbstractMcopDynamicView
com/atakmap/android/plugintemplate/araaftorPlugin/interfaces/SymbolCacheListener.java
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.araaftorPlugin.interfaces.SymbolCacheListener
com/atakmap/android/plugintemplate/araaftorPlugin/orientation/Vector3.java
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.araaftorPlugin.orientation.Vector3
com/atakmap/android/plugintemplate/araaftorPlugin/views/LCDTextView.java
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.araaftorPlugin.views.LCDTextView
com/atakmap/android/plugintemplate/araaftorPlugin/interfaces/AraaftorServiceListener.java
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.araaftorPlugin.interfaces.AraaftorServiceListener
com/atakmap/android/plugintemplate/AraaftorMapComponent.java
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.AraaftorMapComponent
com/atakmap/android/plugintemplate/araaftorPlugin/interfaces/IWebServiceListener.java
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.araaftorPlugin.interfaces.IWebServiceListener
com/atakmap/android/plugintemplate/araaftorPlugin/CalculationCords.java
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.araaftorPlugin.CalculationCords
com/atakmap/android/plugintemplate/plugin/BuildConfig.java
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.plugin.BuildConfig
com/atakmap/android/plugintemplate/araaftorPlugin/db/DbHelper.java
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.araaftorPlugin.db.DbHelper
com/atakmap/android/plugintemplate/araaftorPlugin/orientation/MathUtils.java
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.araaftorPlugin.orientation.MathUtils
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.araaftorPlugin.orientation.MathUtils$Atan2
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.araaftorPlugin.orientation.MathUtils$Cos
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.araaftorPlugin.orientation.MathUtils$Sin
com/atakmap/android/plugintemplate/araaftorPlugin/api/WeatherApiClient.java
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.araaftorPlugin.api.WeatherApiClient
com/atakmap/android/plugintemplate/araaftorPlugin/services/SymbolCacheService.java
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.araaftorPlugin.services.SymbolCacheService
com/atakmap/android/plugintemplate/araaftorPlugin/araaftorMiniMap/GeoObjectsOverlay.java
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.araaftorPlugin.araaftorMiniMap.GeoObjectsOverlay
com/atakmap/android/plugintemplate/araaftorPlugin/AraaftorMarker.java
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.araaftorPlugin.AraaftorMarker
com/atakmap/android/plugintemplate/araaftorPlugin/araaftorMiniMap/AraaftorMinimap.java
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.araaftorPlugin.araaftorMiniMap.AraaftorMinimap
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.araaftorPlugin.araaftorMiniMap.AraaftorMinimap$1
com/atakmap/android/plugintemplate/araaftorPlugin/scenario/Scenario.java
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.araaftorPlugin.scenario.Scenario
com/atakmap/android/plugintemplate/araaftorPlugin/interfaces/UnitResultListener.java
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.araaftorPlugin.interfaces.UnitResultListener
com/atakmap/android/plugintemplate/araaftorPlugin/MediatorApplication.java
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.araaftorPlugin.MediatorApplication
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.araaftorPlugin.MediatorApplication$1
com/atakmap/android/plugintemplate/araaftorPlugin/interfaces/IScenarioServiceConnector.java
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.araaftorPlugin.interfaces.IScenarioServiceConnector
com/atakmap/android/plugintemplate/araaftorPlugin/db/DB.java
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.araaftorPlugin.db.DB
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.araaftorPlugin.db.DB$DBException
com/atakmap/android/plugintemplate/detection/MetaData.java
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.detection.MetaData
com/atakmap/android/plugintemplate/araaftorPlugin/AraaftorOverlayManager.java
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.araaftorPlugin.AraaftorOverlayManager
com/atakmap/android/plugintemplate/araaftorPlugin/views/LineCompassView.java
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.araaftorPlugin.views.LineCompassView
com/atakmap/android/plugintemplate/araaftorPlugin/activities/AraaftorActivity.java
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.araaftorPlugin.activities.AraaftorActivity
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.araaftorPlugin.activities.AraaftorActivity$1
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.araaftorPlugin.activities.AraaftorActivity$1$1
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.araaftorPlugin.activities.AraaftorActivity$10
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.araaftorPlugin.activities.AraaftorActivity$11
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.araaftorPlugin.activities.AraaftorActivity$12
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.araaftorPlugin.activities.AraaftorActivity$13
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.araaftorPlugin.activities.AraaftorActivity$14
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.araaftorPlugin.activities.AraaftorActivity$15
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.araaftorPlugin.activities.AraaftorActivity$16
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.araaftorPlugin.activities.AraaftorActivity$16$1
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.araaftorPlugin.activities.AraaftorActivity$17
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.araaftorPlugin.activities.AraaftorActivity$17$1
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.araaftorPlugin.activities.AraaftorActivity$18
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.araaftorPlugin.activities.AraaftorActivity$19
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.araaftorPlugin.activities.AraaftorActivity$2
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.araaftorPlugin.activities.AraaftorActivity$20
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.araaftorPlugin.activities.AraaftorActivity$20$1
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.araaftorPlugin.activities.AraaftorActivity$21
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.araaftorPlugin.activities.AraaftorActivity$21$1
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.araaftorPlugin.activities.AraaftorActivity$22
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.araaftorPlugin.activities.AraaftorActivity$23
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.araaftorPlugin.activities.AraaftorActivity$23$1
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.araaftorPlugin.activities.AraaftorActivity$24
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.araaftorPlugin.activities.AraaftorActivity$25
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.araaftorPlugin.activities.AraaftorActivity$26
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.araaftorPlugin.activities.AraaftorActivity$27
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.araaftorPlugin.activities.AraaftorActivity$28
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.araaftorPlugin.activities.AraaftorActivity$29
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.araaftorPlugin.activities.AraaftorActivity$3
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.araaftorPlugin.activities.AraaftorActivity$3$1
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.araaftorPlugin.activities.AraaftorActivity$30
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.araaftorPlugin.activities.AraaftorActivity$31
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.araaftorPlugin.activities.AraaftorActivity$32
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.araaftorPlugin.activities.AraaftorActivity$33
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.araaftorPlugin.activities.AraaftorActivity$34
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.araaftorPlugin.activities.AraaftorActivity$35
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.araaftorPlugin.activities.AraaftorActivity$36
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.araaftorPlugin.activities.AraaftorActivity$37
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.araaftorPlugin.activities.AraaftorActivity$38
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.araaftorPlugin.activities.AraaftorActivity$39
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.araaftorPlugin.activities.AraaftorActivity$4
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.araaftorPlugin.activities.AraaftorActivity$40
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.araaftorPlugin.activities.AraaftorActivity$41
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.araaftorPlugin.activities.AraaftorActivity$42
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.araaftorPlugin.activities.AraaftorActivity$43
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.araaftorPlugin.activities.AraaftorActivity$43$1
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.araaftorPlugin.activities.AraaftorActivity$5
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.araaftorPlugin.activities.AraaftorActivity$6
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.araaftorPlugin.activities.AraaftorActivity$7
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.araaftorPlugin.activities.AraaftorActivity$8
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.araaftorPlugin.activities.AraaftorActivity$9
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.araaftorPlugin.activities.AraaftorActivity$CameraDataListener
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.araaftorPlugin.activities.AraaftorActivity$CameraDataReceiver
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.araaftorPlugin.activities.AraaftorActivity$DeleteEventDataListener
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.araaftorPlugin.activities.AraaftorActivity$DeleteEventDataReceiver
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.araaftorPlugin.activities.AraaftorActivity$DetectionCallback
com/atakmap/android/plugintemplate/araaftorPlugin/api/GetWeatherDataTask.java
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.araaftorPlugin.api.GetWeatherDataTask
com/atakmap/android/plugintemplate/araaftorPlugin/services/DialogService.java
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.araaftorPlugin.services.DialogService
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.araaftorPlugin.services.DialogService$1
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.araaftorPlugin.services.DialogService$10
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.araaftorPlugin.services.DialogService$10$1
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.araaftorPlugin.services.DialogService$11
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.araaftorPlugin.services.DialogService$11$1
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.araaftorPlugin.services.DialogService$12
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.araaftorPlugin.services.DialogService$13
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.araaftorPlugin.services.DialogService$14
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.araaftorPlugin.services.DialogService$15
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.araaftorPlugin.services.DialogService$2
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.araaftorPlugin.services.DialogService$3
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.araaftorPlugin.services.DialogService$4
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.araaftorPlugin.services.DialogService$5
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.araaftorPlugin.services.DialogService$6
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.araaftorPlugin.services.DialogService$7
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.araaftorPlugin.services.DialogService$8
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.araaftorPlugin.services.DialogService$9
com/atakmap/android/plugintemplate/araaftorPlugin/interfaces/WeatherDataListener.java
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.araaftorPlugin.interfaces.WeatherDataListener
com/atakmap/android/plugintemplate/araaftorPlugin/ElementsOnMap.java
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.araaftorPlugin.ElementsOnMap
com/atakmap/android/plugintemplate/araaftorPlugin/services/SymbolContainer.java
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.araaftorPlugin.services.SymbolContainer
com/atakmap/android/plugintemplate/araaftorPlugin/Filter.java
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.araaftorPlugin.Filter
com/atakmap/android/plugintemplate/araaftorPlugin/signs/Symbol.java
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.araaftorPlugin.signs.Symbol
com/atakmap/android/plugintemplate/araaftorPlugin/services/UnitService.java
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.araaftorPlugin.services.UnitService
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.araaftorPlugin.services.UnitService$1
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.araaftorPlugin.services.UnitService$10
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.araaftorPlugin.services.UnitService$11
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.araaftorPlugin.services.UnitService$12
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.araaftorPlugin.services.UnitService$2
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.araaftorPlugin.services.UnitService$3
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.araaftorPlugin.services.UnitService$4
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.araaftorPlugin.services.UnitService$5
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.araaftorPlugin.services.UnitService$6
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.araaftorPlugin.services.UnitService$7
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.araaftorPlugin.services.UnitService$8
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.araaftorPlugin.services.UnitService$9
com/atakmap/android/plugintemplate/araaftorPlugin/Unit.java
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.araaftorPlugin.Unit
com/atakmap/android/plugintemplate/detection/BoundingBox.java
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.detection.BoundingBox
com/atakmap/android/plugintemplate/araaftorPlugin/services/AraaftorService.java
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.araaftorPlugin.services.AraaftorService
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.araaftorPlugin.services.AraaftorService$1
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.araaftorPlugin.services.AraaftorService$2
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.araaftorPlugin.services.AraaftorService$3
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.araaftorPlugin.services.AraaftorService$4
com/atakmap/android/plugintemplate/araaftorPlugin/orientation/Util.java
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.araaftorPlugin.orientation.Util
com/atakmap/android/plugintemplate/plugin/PluginTemplateLifecycle.java
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.plugin.PluginTemplateLifecycle
com/atakmap/android/plugintemplate/araaftorPlugin/GeoObject.java
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.araaftorPlugin.GeoObject
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.araaftorPlugin.GeoObject$SideOfConflict
com/atakmap/android/plugintemplate/araaftorPlugin/orientation/Matrix3.java
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.araaftorPlugin.orientation.Matrix3
com/atakmap/android/plugintemplate/araaftorPlugin/adapters/DetectObjectAdapter.java
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.araaftorPlugin.adapters.DetectObjectAdapter
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.araaftorPlugin.adapters.DetectObjectAdapter$OnItemClickListener
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.araaftorPlugin.adapters.DetectObjectAdapter$ViewHolder
com/atakmap/android/plugintemplate/AraaftorDropDownReceiver.java
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.AraaftorDropDownReceiver
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.AraaftorDropDownReceiver$1
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.AraaftorDropDownReceiver$2
com/atakmap/android/plugintemplate/araaftorPlugin/orientation/Vector2.java
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.araaftorPlugin.orientation.Vector2
com/atakmap/android/plugintemplate/araaftorPlugin/orientation/Quaternion.java
 com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.araaftorPlugin.orientation.Quaternion
